1. Names and UTLNs 

Eyal Sharon   Justin Milette   Griffin Edwards
esharo02      jmille36         gedwar01
                             **code submitter**

2. Run instructions

project.py [-h] [--swing] [-m] [-s] file

Choose leadsheet file to run

positional arguments:
  file        The file to be ran

options:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
  --swing     Whether to swing the file or not
  --repickle  Overwrite existing pickle file. Pickle file will be created if one does not exist 
  -m          Midi output
  -s          Sheet music output. Default.

3. A paragraph giving a high-level summary of your overall compositional approach.

This program will produce midi/sheet music for a selection of jazz pieces, 
including the given lead melody, a generated piano accompaniment, and generated
walking bassline. The outputted piece follows the following form:

HEAD | Piano solo | Sax solo | Piano and sax trade | HEAD

4. (Optional) any additional interesting details you’d like to share about your approach or how you
implemented it.

Walking bassline is generated with "bucketed" Markov chains based on the chords
and associated scales of the lead sheet. Initial "associated scales" comes from
GenJam paper (Biles, 1994). 

Generated piano accompaniment selects rhythms with
Monte Carlo rhythm selection, then turns "on" individual tones in the chord 
based on the tones' intervals with the root. The rules for Monte Carlo 
selection vary with the length of the chord, having a higher attack ratio in 
longer chords, and we prevent triplicate rhythms, and we must fill the chord 
space exactly.

In order to create a solo for a given instrument, a genetic algorithm is used,
with fitness function defined as a percentage sum of a correctness and 
closeness function. That percentage moves with cosine as the solo moves along.
Mutuations include crossover, random mutation, "chord tone rescue" (replace all
non-chord tones with chord tones), "solo chunk" (graft part of the melody into
the solo), "quote self" (graft a completed part of the solo into the current
phrase). The fitness functions and percentage weights vary a bit from 
instrument to instrument.
